first things first have you adjusted
your mirrors all three of them and I can
see myself perfectly they're not for
vanity your rear-view mirrors are for
seeing the view to your ear doctor
behind behind you but it won't be able
to see myself having fun driving a motor
vehicle is not fun it's serious business
have you buckled your seatbelt I was
going to but this outfit just wrinkles
so easily so I thought let's do it
oh my elk it's the law okay now are you
familiar with the gear shift
you mean the Prindle the way the PRNDL
are you referring to the shift lever
that says PR in the L another child's
Mosby I know how to spell brindle it is
not something you spell it is a gear
shift the letters stand for Park reverse
neutral drive and Lao technical talk oh
I'm sorry
why don't we just relax we'll turn on
the radio would you like an orphan
I'm trying to keep us from having a
wreck we're not even moving
let's start all over so is the key in
the ignition for over an hour now that's
because you had to do your makeup twice
well excuse me for trying to beautify
the highways throughout the engine and
put the car and drive that's the D on
the brindle are probably in more danger
here than he is there
okay
I'm not cleaning that up